Added missing mention of `.gitattributes` file in Getting Started documentation [ci-skip] (#44486)
rails/rails: guides/source/getting_started.md

|test/|Unit tests, fixtures, and other test apparatus. These are covered in [Testing Rails Applications](testing.html).|
|tmp/|Temporary files (like cache and pid files).|
|vendor/|A place for all third-party code. In a typical Rails application this includes vendored gems.|

> |.gitattributes|This file defines certain attributes to pathnames in a git repository. See [Git - gitattributes](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitattributes) for more info about git attribute files.|

Reviewer: ([This is the file we generate](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/ce1806d945755f0c68e5bbc66d85e53d8c05d371/railties/lib/rails/generators/rails/app/templates/gitattributes.tt), for anyone curious.)

I feel like, if someone did not already know about `.gitattributes`, they would still not understand its purpose after reading this description. (Compare to the description for `.gitignore`.)  What do you think about the following?

```suggestion
|.gitattributes|This file defines metadata for specific paths in a git repository. This metadata can be used by git and other tools to enhance their behavior. See the [gitattributes documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitattributes) for more information.|
```

Author: Yes, this is more descriptive. I'll make this change 👍

Author: I've also changed `info` to `information` in the description for `.gitignore`.
